yes ready
hello youtube today I'm gonna show you
two little videos and one this is a kind
of tablet holder that I created and I
think everyone should not be suffering
for a tablet holder cuz you know this
thing is really done okay give me the
tablet for a second so um what I'm gonna
show you here is a little tablet holder
that everyone can create from old rule
of duct tape a finished roll of duct
tape what you should do in fact has just
made two little cuts you know two
straight cuts and then two cuts like 45
degrees you know corresponding with the
first straight cut that you created and
that you made and then you're done you
will have a tablet stand in only one
minute under one minute you will have
like tablet stand you know if you own if
you also can find that scizor on the one
minute I couldn't find it so it took a
little bit longer to to make it but yeah
this is it
it's a very simple simple concept but it
works you can do it with many sorts of
things you know I you can also use a
piece of wood and then make these two
cards and then you will have a tablet
stand so that is my thermal stance I
also want to create for you a little 3d
works and I made a little concept of how
the things should look and how it should
work
wearing this thing
we'll look like this loo loo loo loo loo
loo you see that and well in fact I have
these two lenses in here and I can just
watch videos look up look down you know
I was watching a video of on Mars
created on Mars for 3d and you know I
could look around and look up look down
you know videos created in in space very
fantastic you know other effect videos
like sitting in some rollercoaster you
know amazing amazing fantastic and yeah
I think everyone can create a thing like
this holy thing you need are the lenses
I found however not so long ago when I
was cleaning in my cabin I found this
postcard having you know these two
lenses is just for fun it was created
way back in I think somewhere in in the
80s and there were a picture of the well
two pictures you know it was stereo of
two naked girls on the bed and you know
it was just for fun to watch but I
thought hey this is a great thing to
also use for the 3d box so only thing I
did I glued it inside and on top of it I
even glued a special holder you know
these rubber cases for my iPhone the one
that is recording right now so I cannot
pop it in and demonstrate that but you
can do it for yourself I bought this
thing for 1 euros 99 at action I just
glued it and I will never use it as I
never use these things you know so but
it was great as a holder so and when you
put your phone in there and you selected
your video then you close the box like
this by holding the glasses down so the
flips will go to the back and then you
have this thing you know and elastic I
don't know how you always say elastic
and English write it down for me cuz I
don't know you can just put it on your
head this
the postman pulse of this elastic this
is a elastic rubber rubber band it's a
rubber band of course so this is how to
wear it and you know your foam won't
fall because thanks of the 199 stand
from the action the thing won't fall and
you will be able to walk around and play
all sorts of games and you can even
sneak if you like go to the toilet and
you must make a pee you can even watch
where you like while watching the 360
movie of course yeah you must be careful
not to drive in a car or fly planes
while watching a 3d thing like this so
you must not say I told you to wear it
ok just kidding about that peeps it's
really fun to make easy to make make it
from a box oh yeah of course
this was the old concept I had to show
you that yeah I had a slip to just slip
my phone in but now that I have the
holder I need to open the front first
pop the phone in you know select the
video that I want to play or the
playlist you know and then I just pop it
up I go lie on the on the couch and just
watch a video in 3d and well does it
hurt your eyes I don't think it really
hurts your eyes it's kind of different
than the blue and red glasses the house
is called
I forgot the name it has a special name
I forgot about it
but that is also 3d but that is not 360
yeah so this is fantastic because you
can walk around and there are these
special games that you can play it's
fantastic you must experience it once so
if you have old box you can find these
two lenses you know the concept already
only thing you must keep in mind is that
the distance of this must not be longer
than my finger so you must have the
measurement of my finger you know it's
exactly my finger
space from you know the glass to the
place where your phone will be is
exactly my finger so I will have to
measure that finger for you
you know I will not cut it off I will
just measure it and then we will see how
much inches
my finger is I must ask my girlfriend
she must all know she only know my
middle finger just kidding
beeps I want to wish you thank you for
watching till my next video and if you
like this idea and concept please like
this video subscribe